sql-statements:add drop-stats.md (#2941)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-stats.md

---
title: DROP STATS
summary: An overview of the usage of DROP STATS for the TiDB database.
category: reference
---

# DROP STATS

> `DROP STATS` 语句用于从当前所选定的数据库中删除选定表的统计信息。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DROP STATS` 语句用于从当前所选定的数据库中删除选定表的统计信息。
```
中文？😂 @SunRunAway

Author: 忘记push了， PTAL

> `DROP STATS` statement is used to delete the statistical information of the selected table from the selected database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DROP STATS` statement is used to delete the statistics of the selected table from the selected database.
```
